README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo-small.svg" width="120" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

[circleci-image]: https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master?token=abc123def456
[circleci-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest

  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications.</p>
    <p align="center">
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="NPM Version" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="Package License" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@nestjs/common.svg" alt="NPM Downloads" /></a>
<a href="https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master" alt="CircleCI" /></a>
<a href="https://coveralls.io/github/nestjs/nest?branch=master" target="_blank"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/nestjs/nest/badge.svg?branch=master#9" alt="Coverage" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-online-brightgreen.svg" alt="Discord"/></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#backer" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg" alt="Backers on Open Collective" /></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg" alt="Sponsors on Open Collective" /></a>
  <a href="https://paypal.me/kamilmysliwiec" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-ff3f59.svg" alt="Donate us"/></a>
    <a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor"  target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20us-Open%20Collective-41B883.svg" alt="Support us"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/nestframework" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nestframework.svg?style=social&label=Follow" alt="Follow us on Twitter"></a>
</p>
  <!--[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#backer)
  [![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor)-->

## Description

[Nest](https://github.com/nestjs/nest) framework TypeScript starter repository.

## Project setup

```bash
#setup pg db locally
$ docker pull postgres

$ docker run --name my-local-postgres -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password -p 5432:5432 -v pgdata:/var/lib/postgresql/data -d postgres

#setup redis locally
$ docker pull redis

$ docker run -d --name my-local-redis -p 6380:6379 redis:latest

#setup rabbitmq locally
$ docker pull rabbitmq:management  

$ docker run -d --name my-local-rabbitmq -p 5673:5672 -p 15673:15672 -e RABBITMQ_DEFAULT_USER=user -e RABBITMQ_DEFAULT_PASS=password rabbitmq:management

#Installed required packages from package.json to run the application.
$ npm install
```

## Compile and run the project

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Run tests

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## DB Design

```bash
DB Setup DDL commands -->

CREATE TABLE NotificationEvents (
   id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
   event_type VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
   description TEXT
);
CREATE TABLE NotificationSettings (
   id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
   event_id INT NOT NULL,
   is_muted BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE,
   FOREIGN KEY (event_id) REFERENCES NotificationEvents(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
   UNIQUE (event_id)
);
CREATE TABLE Tenants (
   id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
   tenant_name VARCHAR(100) NOT NULL unique,
   description TEXT
);
CREATE TABLE Notifications (
   id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
   event_id INT NOT NULL,
   tenant_id INT NOT null,
   message TEXT NOT NULL,
   created_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
   FOREIGN KEY (event_id) REFERENCES NotificationEvents(id),
   FOREIGN KEY (tenant_id) REFERENCES Tenants(id)
);
```

## API endpoints

```bash
GET all the notification settings regarding muted events - /api/v1/notifications/settings
POST to update notification settings - /api/v1/notifications/settings
GET to check if a notification setting is muted/enabled or not - /api/v1/notifications/settings/{eventId}
GET list of the notifications - GET /api/v1/notifications
```

## Resources

Check out a few resources that may come in handy when working with NestJS:

- Visit the [NestJS Documentation](https://docs.nestjs.com) to learn more about the framework.
- For questions and support, please visit our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy).
- To dive deeper and get more hands-on experience, check out our official video [courses](https://courses.nestjs.com/).
- Visualize your application graph and interact with the NestJS application in real-time using [NestJS Devtools](https://devtools.nestjs.com).
- Need help with your project (part-time to full-time)? Check out our official [enterprise support](https://enterprise.nestjs.com).
- To stay in the loop and get updates, follow us on [X](https://x.com/nestframework) and [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/nestjs).
- Looking for a job, or have a job to offer? Check out our official [Jobs board](https://jobs.nestjs.com).

## Support

Nest is an MIT-licensed open source project. It can grow thanks to the sponsors and support by the amazing backers. If you'd like to join them, please [read more here](https://docs.nestjs.com/support).

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Kamil Myśliwiec](https://twitter.com/kammysliwiec)
- Website - [https://nestjs.com](https://nestjs.com/)
- Twitter - [@nestframework](https://twitter.com/nestframework)

## License

Nest is [MIT licensed](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Integrate RabbitMQ messaging for notification handling. -> - Implement RabbitMQ producer to send notification messages. - Added NotificationConsumer to handle incoming messages from RabbitMQ.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo-small.svg" width="120" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

[circleci-image]: https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master?token=abc123def456
[circleci-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest

  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications.</p>
    <p align="center">
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="NPM Version" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="Package License" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@nestjs/common.svg" alt="NPM Downloads" /></a>
<a href="https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master" alt="CircleCI" /></a>
<a href="https://coveralls.io/github/nestjs/nest?branch=master" target="_blank"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/nestjs/nest/badge.svg?branch=master#9" alt="Coverage" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-online-brightgreen.svg" alt="Discord"/></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#backer" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg" alt="Backers on Open Collective" /></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg" alt="Sponsors on Open Collective" /></a>
  <a href="https://paypal.me/kamilmysliwiec" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-ff3f59.svg" alt="Donate us"/></a>
    <a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor"  target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20us-Open%20Collective-41B883.svg" alt="Support us"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/nestframework" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nestframework.svg?style=social&label=Follow" alt="Follow us on Twitter"></a>
</p>
  <!--[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#backer)
  [![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor)-->

## Description

[Nest](https://github.com/nestjs/nest) framework TypeScript starter repository.

## Project setup

```bash
#setup pg db locally
$ docker pull postgres

$ docker run --name my-local-postgres -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=password -p 5432:5432 -v pgdata:/var/lib/postgresql/data -d postgres

#setup redis locally
$ docker pull redis

$ docker run -d --name my-local-redis -p 6380:6379 redis:latest

#setup rabbitmq locally
$ docker pull rabbitmq:management  

$ docker run -d --name my-local-rabbitmq -p 5673:5672 -p 15673:15672 -e RABBITMQ_DEFAULT_USER=user -e RABBITMQ_DEFAULT_PASS=password rabbitmq:management

#Installed required packages from package.json to run the application.
$ npm install
```

## Compile and run the project

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Producer -> Queue -> Consumer

```bash
# Run producer.js in producer folder to push notification into the queue 
$ node producer.js

# consumer application will check for the muted events and then it will ceate notification for all unmuted events in the notifications table.
```

## Run tests

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## DB Design

```bash
DB Setup DDL commands -->

CREATE TABLE NotificationEvents (
   id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
   event_type VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
   description TEXT
);
CREATE TABLE NotificationSettings (
   id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
   event_id INT NOT NULL,
   is_muted BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE,
   FOREIGN KEY (event_id) REFERENCES NotificationEvents(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
   UNIQUE (event_id)
);
CREATE TABLE Tenants (
   id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
   tenant_name VARCHAR(100) NOT NULL unique,
   description TEXT
);
CREATE TABLE Notifications (
   id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
   event_id INT NOT NULL,
   tenant_id INT NOT null,
   message TEXT NOT NULL,
   created_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
   FOREIGN KEY (event_id) REFERENCES NotificationEvents(id),
   FOREIGN KEY (tenant_id) REFERENCES Tenants(id)
);
```

## API endpoints

```bash
GET all the notification settings regarding muted events - /api/v1/notifications/settings
POST to update notification settings - /api/v1/notifications/settings
GET to check if a notification setting is muted/enabled or not - /api/v1/notifications/settings/{eventId}
GET list of the notifications - GET /api/v1/notifications
```

## Resources

Check out a few resources that may come in handy when working with NestJS:

- Visit the [NestJS Documentation](https://docs.nestjs.com) to learn more about the framework.
- For questions and support, please visit our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy).
- To dive deeper and get more hands-on experience, check out our official video [courses](https://courses.nestjs.com/).
- Visualize your application graph and interact with the NestJS application in real-time using [NestJS Devtools](https://devtools.nestjs.com).
- Need help with your project (part-time to full-time)? Check out our official [enterprise support](https://enterprise.nestjs.com).
- To stay in the loop and get updates, follow us on [X](https://x.com/nestframework) and [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/nestjs).
- Looking for a job, or have a job to offer? Check out our official [Jobs board](https://jobs.nestjs.com).

## Support

Nest is an MIT-licensed open source project. It can grow thanks to the sponsors and support by the amazing backers. If you'd like to join them, please [read more here](https://docs.nestjs.com/support).

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Kamil Myśliwiec](https://twitter.com/kammysliwiec)
- Website - [https://nestjs.com](https://nestjs.com/)
- Twitter - [@nestframework](https://twitter.com/nestframework)

## License

Nest is [MIT licensed](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/blob/master/LICENSE).
